This year it has been the same story as well.

First month was weird ,that is January; so my reliance on the "handicaps" was severe,also because I was there at "Ghost House" and there was nothing else to do there, especially when I shifted to "Room 5".

I believe it has been one of the most severe account of drinking and smoking, especially since I was worried about my future and how I would gain a livelihood,as the tourist season would start waning.

And then after joining “G”, the drinking was limited to night, but the smoking increased a lot.

A lot means a lot.

So, let's not talk about those 179 days.

And then coming back again to “Ghost House” on 2nd August; it was back to the same story, mostly because of the sudden vacuum of both people and work. Also, I was elated due to sudden freedom, which I cherished for long.

Then as I thought that I would quit and get back into shape, Josh came, and then back to the game.

And when he left, well, as usual, what happens, happened.

And slowly, I was getting worried again, about what I would do next. Though, it was not big of a worry, as in January. I had many options, but still….

And then, LOR came and asked me to shift, and thankfully allowed me 4 days to do that.

Since, I was now sure of what I would be doing next, without having to worry about roof over head and at least 1 square meal a day, so the binging went on.

And, that fateful evening on Sunday of 11th September when I shifted, it was such a shock for me, that with everything happening around me at “Slot In The Wall”, I had to drink and smoke, in order to cope.

I was happy, but then, the happiness was always short lived, because of the fact of where I was put up (I thought that my abode would be slightly bigger) and almost zero privacy, except sleeping at night.

Well, after coping with almost a month now, and after reconciling about a lot of things which have happened since then, and also because things have settled down here, and also myself.

So now, I can try to get myself back again in form.

Yes, in between I did manage to “Water Fast” for 84 hours, which involved smoking though, but very less.

And since today is “JUMMA”, I have decided to begin.

Now that the laptop is working for a while, I take it as a good Omen.

So, technically, it’s Day 1.



