Day: Tuesday
Date: 8th May 2018
Start Time: 2010 hrs
End Time:
Blog: Everything

What is the use of religion, if it does not allow the freedome to it's followers to interpret the meaning presented in ancient texts through their own reasoning.

Most of the religions are silos, may be even prisons, where there are guardians ensuring that no one wanders around the walls of the prison. And these walls are the dogmas and theories described centuries ago, if not millenium by people long extinct.

Most of these ancient texts in every religion are guiding books of "How to live your life", it is amazing that there is so much of wisdom is available everywhere around us, but still there is so much of mayhem.

The biggest reason for the same is that, people soon get disgruntled over what is written and what is being taught, because above all there are no questions allowed.

It is like, take it and take it. In fact there is no option to leave it also. Being born into a religion, it is highly improbable that one switches to another religion, without causing utmost bitterness and acrimony in the immediate family and friends. So we can discount this option.

And the great thing about this whole "freedom to interpret" things in the own way is that there is not everything which is availble for questioning, just few stuffs here and there, which due to passage of times, might not be inherently 
true in the current scheme of things in entirety.

But what happens because of the lack of that freedom is that, following of religion and what is written in those scriptures gets restricted to a farce.

Following religious ceremonies and festivals, going to temples, churches and mosques jsut for the sake of it; while knowing inside of self, that you are doing all this inspite of not agreeing to those fundamental things.

People leave even those may be 95% of things, which could essentially led them to live a wholesome and peaceful life.

The casuality is then the entire humanity, as we see it today. And clearly the way it is widespread, it i snot about only one religion, it is probably about all of them.

Let people interpret things in their own way, form their own idelogies, like standing ont he shoulder of giants and be able to see what they want to see. Things change, people change, perspective changes, society and human changes; so why to keep sticking to age old dogmas, without allowing new interpretationa and suffocating people away from even what is good in them?
