To,
Ms.Shruti More
Program Manager
Handiimachal Society
Kullu

Sub: Development Officer position at Handimachal

hello Shruti!

This is further to brief interaction we had today early morning, and the chat you had with Mr.Ramit Basu, our common friend and my schoolmate.

I would divide this letter in two parts, the first one briefly explaining about myself and the second one, could be termed as "Statement of Purpose".

  About Myself:

I have professionally 18 years of diverse experience, but in three words, you can describe me professionally as "Sales and Startup Guy". I have worked in seven different industries in sales and then in July 2010, started my Startup journey, when it was highly "uncool" to be a startup.

In between, for about a year, I was an intra-preneur with a large consumer electronics and mobile phones distribution company, where, I launched and developed diferent distribution business, from scratch.

At my peak in the so called traditional "career" terms, I have lead a direct team of more than 400 people nationally, while heading one of the retail sales vertical for India's largest mobile phone retailer.

My startup journey had not been successful, but I learnt valuable lessons, when I see the things in hindsight and I shall terms those years as the best years of my life.

In 2016, I was an Entrepreneur-in-Residence with an Edtech company for 8 odd months and in 2017-18 I was part-time consulting with a Goa based journalism startup, which is now kind of shelved by the founder.(This is not on my resume, because it was part-time gig, but you can verify my association with founder.) 

Since my last gig was over about 2 months back, most of my time is spent reading and learning and in these two months I finished the most famous course of University of California, Berkeley - DATA8.1x on EdX with 85% marks.

Though currently, I am not looking for a full-time gig, but when my friend mentioned Kullu and working to help challenged children, I decided to give it a thought, and also for the fact that it is related to education and may be later on entrepreneurship.

  Statement Of Purpose:

Over the course of last 13 months and 26 days of being a nomad and solitude for company has given me the opportunity to reflect a lot on life and the myriad things associated with it and I must confess the revelations have been astounding.

I dropped out of Merry-Go-Round way back in July 2010, but for a long time, my chase was still on. Sometime last year, I had this call of wild and I could not resist, it was kind of second revolution, which ended that chase.

Since then I have been practising voluntary poverty, reading, studying and may be just observing people. Probably, searching for what I should do, after I have given up the chase. Something meaningful, which could sustain me, while I contribute to making better few people's life, and allow me to keep my lifelong passion of learning (and wandering) alive.

I sincerely believe that if there is one thing which can change a person's life in a meaningful way is education, but the way it is delivered currently at least in our country, makes it a beast of burden for students. This I have observed while interacting with many engineering students and graduates while I was Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Wordsmaya, the edtech startup.

This was further corroborated by volunteering work with one of the UK based organisation (Teach A Man To Fish) where I worked as a UN Volunteer, online I had the opportunity to closely see, how current education system in India (school education) actually works, the truth v/s reality.

So when this discussion about Handimachal happened today morning with my friend, it all connected seamlessly to me, that if education for a normal healthy child is so unhealthy, then what about the kids who are challenged?

Perhaps this could be the ultimate challenge in education, how to deliver meaningful and quality education to those kids who are challenged, physically or mentally, so that they they can gain a rightful employment and make a place for themselves in society?

This has prompted me to write to you, about the position of "Development Officer".

Though I do not have a direct work experience of working in development sector, but my corporate, startup and volunteering experience, much more than compensates that, I strongly believe.

Though I never see myself by being bound only by what is mentioned in a JD, but whatever is mentioned there, I could deliver and do justice with it.

I am even ok with a kind of remote probation period, where I work remotely on whatever I can (I can do a lot of stuff remotely also) and you assess my performance and then take a call.

