1.“The test of a first-rate intelligence,” F. Scott Fitzgerald said, “is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.”  - 14-04-2018

2.The original definition of Enlightenment, after all, was “humankind’s emergence from its self-incurred immaturity.” - 17-04-2018

3.“Baby, this town rips the bones from your back / It’s a death trap, a suicide rap” - Bruce Springsteen - 17-04-2018

4."Everything that can be tested must be tested," - Victor Niederhoffer

5."No amount of observations of white swans can allow the inference that all swans are white, but the observation of a single black swan is sufficient to refute that conclusion." - David Hume

6. Adventure is not outside man, it is within -: George Eliot

7. “The only thing that isn’t worthless: to live this life out truthfully and rightly. And be patient with those who don’t.”
-: Marcus Aurelius

8."Things take the time they take. Don’t worry.
  How many roads did St. Augustine follow before he became St. Augustine?" -: Mary Oliver

9.“It is the fate — the genetic and neural fate — of every human being to be a unique individual, to find his own path, to live his own life, to die his own death.” -: Oliver Sacks

10.To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

11.“To be yourself, in a world that tries, night and day, to make you just like everybody else…is to fight the greatest battle there ever is to fight, and never stop fighting.” ~E.E. Cummings.

12. "Admit that you have liked to kill as all who are soldiers by choice have enjoyed it it some time whether they lie about it or not." - Ernest Hemingway

13. ‘I have no responsibility to live up to what others except of me. That’s their mistake, not my failing’ ~ Richard Feynman

14. “Contrariwise,” continued Tweedledee, “if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn’t, it ain't. That's logic.” — Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass

15. ‘Find your deepest impulse,and follow that.’ - D. H. Lawrence

16.
