=> It's official, that crew-cut spaniard has left. It's the second consecutive day, that she was not seen at LT. While some of the other jugglers were still there.

=> BHAISAAB suffered an accident on Sunday evening around 1600 hrs and had considerable injury on his face. It happened near the sharp turn at Kiranpani bridge going towards Keri. He was gong to Keri for the annual picnic of his erstwhile company. He was travelling in Vespa scooter, and somehow the brake did not work. He was taken to Parsem Hospital, then from there to Mapusa for CT Scan. So sad.

This is the second accident to happen in 10 days, in the family. Verna was damaged on 1st night by the driver Girish. The JAtra just happened on Full Moon , Friday. I did not go to Jatra of Giroba, because there was no point going over there at night.

=> Drinking and Smoking is continuing as usual, and I plan to stop it from tomorrow, 11th January. Which means, it is from today, I stop.

=> The EpecC girl who made some rounds on Friday, Full Moon, came and sat close to me last evening at LT. As, I would have contemplated some action, a firang Hippy came and started talking to her. Though he left alone, and later she sat there for a while, smoking a cigarette, after I lit one; I was not in the mood to go and talk to her.She went to Drum Circle, came back and moved towards MAndrem. I left, soon afterwards.

=>Half of the Tehri which I cooked of Cauliflower, bought at Rs.30 was thrown away, on Sunday, because Ia ate only Samosa and Mirchi on Sunday afternoon, and by night, it was spoiled. Such a sad waste.

=> Nandini, the painter from Delhi, was spotted for the first time yesterday evening, as she was scouting the evening market.

=> YYesterday, there were 9 Views on the 99 Goa blog, second highest since last time, which was 10. 9 views on January 9, so that should be a good omen.

=> Andreyushka was coming back from market, walking with his parents, when in the evening, I was chasing the bull. We stopped, and talked a bit, and then he yearned to ome in my arms and I hold him for a minute or two.

=> The Nepali thin gymnast, who has bloomed now, probably after marriage and kid from a foreigner, said to me yesterday "How are you?" as she came close to me, while chasing her kid. She has a daughter. About 1 to 1.5 yr old; but may be less, because, daughters grow up early.

=> Natalia(G2) was sighted learning yoga next to vacant spot at LT, for the first time. I dont speak or say "hello" to her, but a couple of days back,I helped her in lifting the 20 Can water bottle from the scooter to her apartment, and yesterday she herself said "hello" to me.

=> Nowadays, whenever I worry about money issues, usually it gets sorted out on its own, in one or other way. 
