Day 1 of the new year 2023 and I am writing. One of the new-year ACTLI (Action List) points.

Typing on Windows, even though knowing that this could crash any moment.

Made 30 points ACTLI yesterday which most of the things consisted of past projects and stuff which I wanted to do, but somehow could not do, due to the lack of peace of mind. Lack of peace of mind about roof over head and employment.

Now, that things have changed considerably, so I should start on all those things, which I always dreamt. I still do not have any explanation, why I could not start on them immediately from 10th of November or so, after the inauguration of "Samadhan" was done.
In fact, that now I think of all those days, I have absolutely no idea, why I was still so anxious and not at peace.

Drank and smoked so much. Did little work. Read little and Write little.I am not sure, what I was looking for? Always putting forward the deadline to new Monday, and then extending them to Friday and then rinse and repeat. Wasted so many evenings and night at "Red Cabinn" of Sanjay for no avail.

Anyway, let the bygones be bygones. New Year marks new beginnings and I want to do it by demonstrating, and the two biggest action agendas, are to quit drinking and smoking , and the mission starts with today's sunset, effectively Monday, The 2nd of January 2022.

I also plan to have a regular "Morning Ritual" by going to Boat everyday to pick the fish. That should do a lot of good to my mental well-being and also physical health.When I can't sell the fish, I could just give it away!

Once, I have conquered these two evils, I would do the water fast. My goal is to do, Water-Only-Fast for 78 days, and then repeat it every month.

Last few days, there was a lot of anxiety, and I don't know why, it has happened never before like this, due to some planetary things or what, I don't know.

HAPPY : Got the "ISayYouChaps" URL at Twitter last night, while just randomly trying for it. I don't know, what came to my mind, I tried and it just worked.So happy.

TO-DO: To wish "HNY" to the Spaniard girl. Its so feel-good to see her, specially driving around on bicycles.If she came closer today, I might just try. If she is far, then I won't go and wish her.

SEA-DIP: Took a leisurely dip in the sea yesterday, and was in the waters, when the sun-set, it was not a sinker, but not a bad one either.It felt cold after coming out, but then did not wear the T till 1930 and did not feel cold.

NYE: Spent quietly alone at Samadhan, had a NIP of Old Monk, even though brought two of them, but could not start the second one. Cooked Maggi with one tomato and onion each. Hit the bed before the New YEar could ring in. Woke up at around 0730 hours, started the pump and watched the sun for a bit.
