=> LOTTERY : Last evening, as I was almost at shore, at the parking exit towards the shore, I spotted a pair of glasses, the ordinary ones; and I picked them up, out of curiosity. They were intact, and as I tried them, coming out on shore, I was so surprised that, they were almost a perfect fit for my eyes. Brand: Lenskart Air. Lost Rs.50/- on NYE, but gained a pair of glasses, as I started to worry about the loss of the present one which I was wearing, given by Vimal(who used to come to Gulzar). Made me so happy.

=> SPOTTED : Asad after a very long time, with Akshata, right in front of where I was sitting. Asad was keeping his hand on the shoulders of Akshata, like a couple.Felt a kind of revulsion. Also, Aureily, with her old BF, roaming around like nothing wrong in between them. Also, Alina, to whom I asked her name at "The Source", and who later gave birth to a kid from the lame guy. She was exiting LT with her daughter, who was talking on her own. I was with Krishna. Also, Freckko. He crossed me twice, and most probably noticed me, but did not come and talk. I also, did not ping him. He sat for a while close, and then left.

=> RAN AWAY FROM:Krishna was very annoying, last evening. I saw him walking towards to LT, as I was going back. We walked back to LT, and he had a Bhutta over there, and from there he asked me to come to Girkarwada, to which I sorely refused, giving an excuse that I have to fill up water. Talking the whole usual same shit: Break habits, routines are habit, be free, get out of here, you are in a bubble, too many traits(wrong in me). After a while, my head started spinning, and I just wanted to vanish from there.I told him, that I would fill water and would come back in a while, which was a lie, because, now I have no more patience and strength to listen to him.

=> SMALL WIN : First time it has happened that, I did not smoked or drink after the sunset. I came, had 4 Poye + Rs.20 Bhaia amd then half of Murmura pack, watched a bit of NEtflix and went to bed. Also, less anxious at night. The heart was not skipping beat, for a long time. Was able to lie down peacefully.Drank so much water, during the night, and still did not feel like, pissing. Very surprising.

=> WRITING : Again wrote for 99Goa & Arambol. Just about 900 words or so, though did not count.Jotted a page in the diary too, when the electricity was gone.

=> SPANIARD : Spaniard was a bit far on the right hand side, and then moved to flea-market lane, behind her fans. There were people in between, so she could not come close. I moved away from there, before her.

=> WEATHER : Now the Sun is mild during the day. Cold winds blow during the evening at shore, but not really cold.

=> TALKED TO : Wished Sawmya on her birthday and then talked to Anish as well.
