When I reached my vendor, I had the choice to take the beans and red spinach, but there was this one item, which had been at the corner of my eye for a long time but probably it never looked so appetising, and that's why I had never bought and cooked it.

It's Gowar beans. Fresh light green, but I don't know why it always seemed to me, that it would taste very bland. Though for quite a long time now, I have been liking the beans, which I buy every week. For that matter, even I had Amaranthus or Choulai, this week.

And since this was now the only item probably which I had not cooked, I decided to strike it off from the "not-cooked-yet" list.

I asked her how to cook and she told me to put Chilli and coconut, and then she proceeded to show me how to peel off the side of the gowar-bean, which has some thread like thing. To break the beans in small parts and then peel the thread off.

It seemed very easy to me, and that's why I did not ask her to let me try once and then tell me, if I was on error anywhere; there were no customers at that time and she could have easily demonstrated that to me.

I decided to immediately get to the task and started peeling off the Gowar, and to my surprise I was not being able to get that thread off, so it was no point breaking the beans by hand, I would have chopped them by knife also and it would have been much faster, but I decided to proceed ahead, because some day I would have to learn how to do it properly and only the practice makes the man perfect.

It took me a while to break them and since I ahd not cooked vegetables for a long time by marinating them, I went ahead and put the Gowar for marinating by mixing salt, chilli, turmeric and coriander powder. I also added half a lemon to it.

I kept it just little more than 90 minutes on marination and then started to cook. Gowar had mellowed due to marination and the salt had lead to the expulsion of water and thus I guessed, I would not have to add water to it.

I did not had Chilli, cooked the onions on slow flame for just a little while and they were still quite white, and added the marinated Gowar to it, stirred them and covered the Kadhai with lid and put the flame on slow.

Nice aroma started coming off and after a while I added the Subji-Masala and stirred them again and left it to cook on slow flame.

Then added the chopped tomatoes and again let them cook on slow flame. Thugh I cooked the Gowar for a longer period comparatively to other vegetables, it was on very low flame, and also I did not know how it would fare, more so since I was not able to peelof the side thread.

In the end, though I did not had to add any water and it turned out just right. 

Yummy, it was !
