I did not know at first how to peel the banana, in fact currently I am having trouble spelling it also. At first I thought may be the peeler, but the second instant, it was automatically rejected by mind, probably because I had the knife in my hand and then I started peeling it with knife, slicing through gently, because I did not know how thick the peel was, but I was just bang right and then I carried on.

At first I thought that I would make it Garlic heavy, that is putting in a larger proportion of Garlic, compared to average portions of Onions and Ginger; this was spaced out because it was the last bulb I was having, from which there were couple of cloves already being used. But then as I started to remove the cloves, I realised that with the current weather, with humidity still hanging on, I should not make it too heavy and kept the rest of the bulb away, after putting in about 7-8 cloves. The piece of Ginger was just about average like any other day.

Next came the decision to how to chop Onions, fine or coarse through the Y-axis? Well, for today I ahve chosen the later option because I already chopped the Bananas (Why it is so difficult to spell this word?), and so there has to be something complimenting it, larger in size.

Also, to make things different, I am putting the Onions on ultra-low flame, getting them fried very slowly (As it is I do not have any hurry) and the aroma is coming out of it, which usually does not happen when I use the high flame. There is sweet aroma of Ginger also, probably that's why it is used in confectionery and sweets.Revelation?

I had little of about 9 tiny Chilli left from what the lady vendor gave me as FOC, so it is green Chilli light, but I could always add Red Chilli powder to spice it up (which I always do).

I have not fried anything on high flame, right from Ginger to Onions, as I believe that they would have plenty of town to mellow down and cook, as I add the next item. So Ginger, then Garlic and then Onion and as the Onion was just about turning light brown, I have added the bananas and stirred them a bit. Even the Bananas on the same low flame and there is a nice aroma which is coming out now.

Would use the regular Subji Masala, instead of Sambhar Masala. I have been using it for past couple of days and now craving for the simple and original Masala. And then of course, nothing is complete without Tomato (at least for me), so I am going to add it after I have added the spices to the mix.

After a little while on the stove, I have stirred the entire vegetable mix and have covered with the lid, the plan is to auto-cook the banana, so that I do not have to add water. Since I do not use filter water, adding it hijacks the original taste of vegetables and spices mix. Since it is still on the low flame, and stickiness of Banana is gone, I believe in about 10 odd minutes, it should get cooked. For the second round, it would have some added natural moisture as spills over from Tomato and both should suffice.

The banana started to stick to the Kadhai after a while, and I just added a couple of spoons of water and stirred and then again put the lid back, this should probably do, and then later I would add tomatoes and spices at the very end.

This is today's secret sauce, adding spices at the very end and salt at the last.

I had to add water, just again a little bit at the end also, because in spite of the tomato, the bananas were sticking to the vessel. Have added just a little more salt than the usual, because inherently Bananas are so bland.

It looks like it has turned out just ok!



