It rained last night too and the morning is brighter and shinier and it is not humid. Whenever it rains at night, it is not humid the next morning and this way its better. It did not rain too much I guess, last night because I was fast asleep and also I had kept the window closed to bar the myriad insects coming inside.

Last evening, just as my first candle lit on the deck was just about 20% remaining, the electricity supply was restored. I let the candle burn out. This brand of candle is good, because the wax does not fall down and there is no residue left at all. IT is called "Ujjwada" and is manufactured in Mapusa.

I did not go out for evening walk yesterday because of the heavy rains, though the rains had subsided in about a hour, because I and the phone with me, to click the pictures, to protect it, I did not venture out to the shore. As it is it was about 1845 and not much light left because of the setting sun and the clouds to click a decent picture of my buddy, sea. I do not remember when was the last time, I descended from the deck with the phone in my hand. Not in past 8 months or so, since I arrived here.

I got the raw bananas yesterday, but did not cook them, they are just lying in the open. Probably today, may be not, depends. I am not going to cook in the evening, since I do not enjoy the meal next morning, being kept in the fridge overnight.

Yesterday when the electricity was out, it was the proverbial "pitch dark" in front of the deck, not s single flicker of light. Though there was an emergency light lit at Arambol Arbour but, where I was perched, it was hidden from sight and the picture was perfect, with my candle. The timid flicker of candle light shining on the coconut leaves and rails of the deck. It was very beautiful. I am sure, I am going to have many more such opportunities this rainy season.

Johnny had invited for the baptism ceremony of his sister's child on Sunday, 3rd June 2018; but I missed that and did not call him to confirm, how and where to go. It was Satan who met me next day, while I was going to market, which asked about it. Ah, what an opportunity to have a tummy full of authentic Goan meal and a lot of Uraak. He told me that that Johnny has now a lot of Uraak and told me to come on Sunday at noon to have it. OF course, I am not going to go unless Johnny asks me.

Today is the due date, according to local Hindus here, when the monsoon starts and tomorrow, according to Christians. I believe, by tomorrow the monsoon should be really in and from Monday onwards, the "Rocket Fishing" should start.
