There are so many things to write which happens in a day, so like earlier I used to do, I would create a daily dispatch of sort, which shall highlight the important points of the day, or last few days, if I do not get to publish this daily.

1.) The key to friendship with kids, is not to behave as an adult. Surprisingly easy thing to do, yet only a few manage to do it.
Being an adult is such a burden that people just cannot resist it to show-off, specially to kids. As if they are trying to unburden themselves by posturing themselves as an adult.

It is really sad when, all the kid wants is a friend, who could understand him/her through his/her eyes and not as an sult, which means stooping down from being an adult to a kindergarten guy. Thing which harldy few people are willing to do, very few manage to do so.

I am writing this in connection of a child friend, with whom I have developed friendship over here, for past couple of months and the above observation is based on my own experience.

2.) Mangoes as a conversation starter are also good. So it is not about only food. Since I have been collecting mangoes I have approached two strangers (local people whom I see or recognise, but do not interact. Majority of the people, almost all of them fall into this category) with offer for mangoes and needless to say, they were expected, and later on they would be happy for it.
Today was yet another day, when I offered to someone who was passing by in front of me on scooter and I just asked him, whether he wants mangoes?

I went up and fetched the mangoes and that was it, but even this was like a full conversation which I must have had with this guy, in almost a year.

3.) I am really liking the local rice, which I found just after a year. This rice is called "Balam" and is commonly cooked here in homes. The another variety of rice with husk on it yet, which I used to buy from farmer is different. This was the taste which I was looking for and it was not available at the local grocery store and then this new grocery store opened up iun the market, next to Mahadev Hotel and to my delight they have this variety.
It really gives me immense satisfaction on eating.

4.) The number of mango hunters are increasing day by day, as I am typing this at 2200 hrs almost, one of the Marathi neighbours, an elderly retired school teacher has also joined the fray and looking around with his torch.
During the day, I found one new lady joining the search.

5.) There was oil residue on the beach today evening, which I visited after lot many days. Some big ship has dumped a lot of furnace oil into the waters. My fisherman friend Basil said that, it must be the trawlers in and around Vasco.
Water when touched was greasy, but still there were tourists bathing in that water, frolicking all wround.
 Well obviously, they cannot wait for the slick to go!
