1. Switched off the table fan at 0515 hrs and opened the window, though it was not exactly comfortable but the variety of sound which one gets to listen is incredible and a little of humidity and heat for it is a ok pay-off. Did not open the door, because the last time I did so, one of the numerous neighbourhood cats came in. [0520]

2. The Cuckoo has started singing at 0540 hrs. [0541]

3. The early bird surely catches the mangoes! Today it seems, I might have been the first guy to collect fallen mangoes in the morning at around 0545 hrs. Collected some nice big ones 7 or 8, and then slowly competitors came. [0630]

4. While picking the mangoes, all of a sudden Jimmy came from behind, he is a pet dog of a neighbour, with whom I am not acquainted. We have been friends since he was a toddler and for past few days, we play in the evening. He is my solitary companion in the evening when I am not at the beach. We played a little, in between mangoes. He is facinated by the dried skin of a large jungle rat. [0631]

5. Gave away mangoes to two of my local acquaintances. One lot in the morning and another in afternoon.

6. My little friend Suraj gave me company both in the morning and in the evening, as I was looking for mangoes to pick up. I talk to him, and he talks to me. I obey his command and he obeys my command. We keep it simple. He also had lentils today and so did I.

7. Ants have become menace and though I have used deodrants against them, it is not working. They just come back and I dont even know where their nest are. Scary thing is that big red ants have also found way up to the deck. I store everything in the refrigerator, even cereals and lentils; except the spices and salt. 

8. Limped to market after almost two weeks or so, in between hadbeen using bike, sue to the sprain in the left foot, which lead to swelling.

9. Water is high in the evening these days, with strong winds. The sand being white and very light, it gets blown and makes the pattern usually visible in the desert. The sun seems to have shrunk in the size. Just about a month back, it used to be big?

10. I was right about my hunch in the morning, with unusual amount of traffic at around 0700 hrs, it must have been the bull fight. And it was indeed, not one but three of them. Satan, my fisherman friend told me at the evening that both the local bulls lost. It was the reason that most of the fishermen skipped going out to sea. There is one more bull fight tomorrow morning, but it is quite far at Morjim.
