It has been super windy since morning and the intensity increased a lot post 1400 hrs odd. 
Did not go to market today in the morning, though woke up at 0830 hrs.
I decided at a spur to have only rice and onions, the two items which were available in the kitchenette, could not even make Jeera-Rice, as Jeera was also over.
Also, at a spur decided that for a week at least, I would try to subsist on only Rs.50/day, which I believe is not difficult if I do not have alcohol.
Since, at present I have Rs.350 in hand, I could easily make it last till Sunday.
It is 1948 as I am typing this, ad I did not have alcohol till now, nor I am having inclination to ahve it, though I could afford it, considering that I have Rs.50 in hand, which could buy me a 90ml of Old Monk and two packs of Maggi.
Suddenly, it all sounds so tempting to me, ha ha ha !

So in the afternoon, I indeed had only rice, which had a few pieces of dehydrated raw mangoes in it and couple of small pieces of onion and about half a chilli. Even though the Chilli is not pugnacious, I could hardly take more than a couple of bites.
Also, it's been more than 24 hours since I de-activated the Twitter again (like an umpteenth time). I feel perfectly ok and may be even at peace, though my initial resolve to not visit Twitter was broken very easily, but it is ok I guess.

In the evening, I was again kind of not inclined to visit the beach, like the last 2 days, but since it felt like raining, so I decided to go and it was super duper windy, with sand blowing away continuously. I was topless.
It did not rain though, because clouds were getting blown up. The wind was from SOUTH.
I came only after the Sun was gone and it became dark, hardly anyone there, except the usual Ruskie family of two little girls.
It is 1955 right now and I am boiling tea. It is super windy, even inside, but do not think that it is going to rain, not at least till another few hours.
Electricity is still holding good, and sadly I do not have torch now :-(

