What I have observed from the rift and arguments which occurred on Saturday last over drinks with Sanjay Kot is that, no one in this world is willing to listen to anyone else. Everyone thinks that she/he is superior and warrants no advice or anything. I took on Sanjay because he had been bragging so much about making me, kind of elder brother of sort and all.
Today, for the first time, he saw me and as I talked, he even walked away.

Probably exacting his 'revenge' and thinking that it is him whom I need, rather than I who needs him.
But he does not know me.

I always had this qualm that he is faking and he is not what he tells (he just borrows my words and then tell the same to me), but I have been kind with him, because probably I saw an honest man, who had seen so much in life, and still fighting. I thought that probably he was looking for some kind of anchor, to get over his life's tragedy. Someone who could hold his hand and guide him through, a 'Man Friday' kind of guy, but today, I have felt disappointed and not sad by his behaviour.

I saw that he is not what he means to be, when he got so much greedy about the lost phone, and then picked the one T-Shirt who I gifted to "Changu / Parveen" (the best one) and kept it himself. He betrayed my trust then.
That was 13th May 2019, when we were going to Bambolim Hospital.

And as he REACTED like this today, he did not even for a second thought about how I have always given him 'company' in his most distressing of times, in recent times (since he has been in years) including when his mother was ill. How for two years, I did not have a single meal at any other hotel?

Common dude ! Seriously?

It's been raining incessantly since morning, with just a couple of brief respites. what is called raining heavily. The tin-shade as usual is making huge noise and makes listening to songs even via the ear-phone, impossible. I did not even go to market, let alone the fact, that I ran out of my quota to spend and the way it is raining, it seems impossible that I would be able to pay even a brief visit to the shore. The sea has been literally howling and it seems, she is inching closer ! [1646]

I did not eat the entire Rice and new concoction of Pyaaz + Soya Chunks which I made today. Ate less than half and kept balance to eat at night. Surprisingly the way I cooked Soya + Pyaaz turned out really nice and I discovered that the Rs.10 pack of Ruchi Soya is just good enough for one meal. Tomorrow also, I am going to cook the same stuff. Well, in these times, when nothing much is to be done outside, having the comfort of a meal at night, even though stale is comforting. [1651]

Went to shore in the evening as it stopped raining for a while, there was this girl who was dancing with couple of boys at LT on the song "O Saawan Raja kahan sey aaye tum..."
I had this inclination to go inside, but then resisted. Found a couple of broken thermocol pieces and then brought it to the abandoned shelter (unfinished hut) and sat in it, the view was not too great due to the obstructions ahead, specifically the filth of Love Shack, which has been left behind.
Came back just in nick of time, as it started raining just about then. Made tea and then soon after, had the remaining of rice and soya-teen-pyaaza and started to watch "CHERNOBYL". Watched four episodes of it, till 1300 (4th one was incomplete)
