For past two days, I have been witness to a sight which has brought so much anguish to me, that it is difficult to put that into words, but here I am, still trying. Because this is the least which I can do right now, might be the only thing.

It is the sight of boys who are young enough to have books and notebooks in their hands, shovelling dirt and concrete, instead of going to school. And above all no one is bothered, least of all their parents, because they have an extra pair of hands to bring some more money; but also the local landlords and very well-off people, for whom the buildings are being built (to earn more money from the tourists, in coming years). No one is literally bothered.

Yesterday, there was this kid, in the pictures wearing bright orange t-shirt, who seemed to have been enjoying the game, probably at that age, the lure of earning some money, and being able to spend it, on whatever he seem to desire,is a much greater pull, than those of books. Perhaps he had already resigned to his fate. But what happens a few years down the line, when the realisation dawns that there was an opportunity at a school and just no one bothered to put him that way?

I don't think he would then be a friendly person to this society.

We talk about the robots being replacing hands in our day-to-day life, owing to artificial intelligence and machine learning, but the robots are already there, since many centuries. The robots are there in our eyes, and it has always been. We have never seen the other fellow human being, who due to losing his lottery of birth, and now being forced to work, for us, is just a mere a pair of hands and that's all. Just like a pair of hands of a robot. We do not seem to have any empathy for these people.

Today there was a pair of new small hands. Though the other fellows in the group have been coming over to this site for past few days, he has been a new entrant. Here in the photographs, he is seen wearing the black t-shirt. For a while, he was very angry and started crying, while arguing to the lady,who seem to be his elder sister. She for reason not known to me, started throwing couple of odd stones at him, and he just threatened to reply back in kind, but did not do. He started crying and then picked a plastic bottle of water and left. He returned after some time and was seen working again.

All because of money, because he does not have any other option. This boy in black t-shirt is much younger than the boy in the orange t-shirt of yesterday, and if he would have been going school, then it would be definitely class Vth or VIth. Perhaps he started crying because of the loneliness, how bitter he would have felt inside at that moment. How lonely he must have felt?

What these guys would be feeling when watching other kids go to school every morning, while they wait for their next gig? Most importantly, how they would feel, after a decade or so, when all that they could do probably is to shovel dirt.

There is greed all around, and no one is bothered. Not even people who could afford to, because they are already in a race, where more is so less, that they dare not bother about anyone else, apart from their own obscene welfare. Obscene, because they are already well to do, probably much more than what they deserve.

I would have to bear with such sight still for a while, till the time may be I could rescue these kids, by paying off their labour dues and then teaching them in some variant of http://getyearly.com

This is all I want to do in life and till the time I am able to do it, dear lord give me the strength and also, these kids the strength, to hold on till then.
