I met Sunny of God's Gift after eons, guess first time since November early, else it has been just waving at each other while making our moves to and fro from market. His ferocious dog was with him and since he was not sure of his mood, so he forbade me to come too close. I asked him about "Rocket Fishing" and he told me that they went for it, for the first time today morning and got only two fishes. I asked him about tomorrow and he said that they would go, but was not quite sure of timings since tomorrow is Sunday and it is Church time. I told him that I would try to come tomorrow.

On the Khalchawada end there was some crowd to be seen since it is weekend, else on Girkarwada to Mandrem it was utter quite, with only myself and sea. Even at Mandrem, near Riva resort, there was only one family playing at the shore.

It was not sunny but also not cloudy either, and I started my walk at around 1800 hrs or so, breeze was there and it was pleasant but mild enough to not make my glasses foggy.

Not too many dogs visible either.

Couple of guys just arrived at the southern end of Arambol beach for rocket fishing, their net was small, and they looked like coming from Mandrem. Perhaps they were looking for someone to help them with casting their net, as I crossed. Had they been familiar, I would have definitely offered them my help. Looked like they were also hesitating to approach me.

Water had receded with the new moon and there was lot of space left to walk on level ground, but once in a while there would be one wave, which would come with enough force to wet the shorts and hence I had to be careful with them. The issue with wet shorts is that, they feel stingy due to the salt water and leave a really bad taste in the mouth for the rest of the walk. Being cloudy and humid, they do not dry also quickly.

At the very far end of Mandrem, ie the southern end, a few guys had just finished hauling up their rocket and nets, and going by the looks it did not look like they caught anything. I could not find any bag close to them either. The net did not have too much of debris, unlike last year.

The channel at the end of Mandrem's south, is back again flowing in to the sea. A few days back it was running straight towards Ashvem. Now it has turned and now flowing in to the sea. Though today, there was hardly ankle deep water and I crossed it gingerly, but surely the water has a lot of force.

Even quite big crabs were getting flown in by the wave and a medium size crab, I tried to poke with the stick, since it was large, it was not easy for him to get buried in the sand, after a while I just left him like that, after he refused to hold the stick. Else, I would have carried him.  

There were couple of filled water bottles lying on the shore and whenever I see them, I wonder whether they fell down from one of the trawlers, or they were empty and slowly water filling them up?

The shell pickers or whatever they pick, the entire gang of families were missing today. Mandrem looked really desolate, even on the other side of the channel, the usual guys were not be seen, like the group of friends who hang besides the grove of coconut trees.

While coming back to the deck, I met the younger brother of God's Gift and chatted with him for a while, just here and there, till it was dark and it looked like it might start drizzling. He told me about the recent raid of Police on Nigerians, probably sometime today.

Elvis along with he owner of "Tata Ace 0086" was there with a small net trying to catch the small fish. the 0086 guy had the rope tied around his belly.

Cooked beans today and put a lot of dark green chilli which are really notorious. Had marinated the beans earlier and they turned out quite well.

Met one more guy, one who has round belly and hair-less top, who is often seen tending to his coconuts in the evening, usually it is only "Hi-Hello", but since today I was right in front of him, as I approached the shore, so he had to talk to a little bit to me. Asked to me where I was staying and rightly guessed that it has been more than a year since I have been living here.

Gave lift to a little boy who is studying in standard 5th from 'Chopdem to Siolim. He was shy, just like me, but I spotted the half raised hand for lift and slowed down, I heard him calling "Siolim", though my idea was nto look for stores at Agrawada-Chopdem at first who would be selling keyboard, but then on seeing the request of little guy, I decided to go to Siolim only direct. I asked him about his favourite subject and hesitatingly he said "Marathi", I did not made any comment. Also, I do not know his name, because I did not ask. He dropped down just before the square and thanked me couple of times and waved me also twice as I took his leave.

Boy, what confidence he would have got, that he can catch lifts. Next time he is not going to be shy.

Right Now: Sea is loud and can be heard very well but it is not scary, which is a good thing, as it means it wont rain heavily at night, but then things change very fast here. It's utter quite otherwise except the crickets singing in the nearby field.
