The morning looks beautiful today, the way it should be. Mild and pleasant. Last few days, almost three weeks have been dull, cloudy, dank and wet. I should not complain because that's what I wanted and now I believe, it's been enough now. It is so beautiful to see the sun rising, when you wake up. I had almost forgot, what it looks like. Even yesterday was cloudy almost the entire day, with few bouts of showers, here and there and then at the evening, as I was contemplating to go out to sea, it started raining again.

Sao Joao to my disappointment and to of many others like the Tiracol uncle, was a dumb affair. though at Tivim, while going to drop MS at railway station, couple of small groups were seen on the road and couple of them at Siolim, but largely people were absent. Not much traffic was present even on the roads.

Even at Mandrem's St.Rock Chapel, I remember, last year was much more grand and hip. Even the kind of decoration put on was mute and hardly a couple of boys in the Sao Joao uniform, standing over there with beer pints in their hands.

Even the streets of Girkarwada were so quiet that when I returned from Tivim, I just could not believe that it is 24th of June. I saw a couple of guys and boys moving out to other places, which surely meant that there was no procession being carried out this year. In the evening, there was surely the music festival and dinner buffet was laid out, but I did not go there. The music was on like 2200 hrs and then all of a sudden it started pouring heavily, it subsided a bit and started again, probably forcing people to end their festivity.

Apart from that downpour late at night and a slight drizzle during post-lunch afternoon, there was not much rain on Sunday, unlike on 23rd June, Saturday, when it rained like continuous almost for 12 hours, from afternoon to midnight and probably after that as well.

There should be some respite from the rain, so that stuff like washing clothes etc can be carried out and the dampness can be removed.

The stories of past few days, are on Twitter timeline.
