This si the timeline of past 5 days or so, from 22nd January 2019 evening till about 27th January 2019, a Sunday afternoon.

1.) 22nd January 2019, Tuesday:

None of the familiar faces were there at "Drum Circle" except Tariq and that girl which has been coming over there since past few days (4 or 5 days). I started dancing and then about 1930 or so, I went to take a leak, behind "Love Shack" and then when I came back, I saw that my bag was missing. I remember that when I left, I checked to see if the bag was there, and it was. Perhaps the stupidest decision of mine in a very long time. Epitome of foolish.

I tried running around the "DC" and figure if someone kept the bag somewhere else. Asked the two Ruskie ladies standing next over there. Went to the Patrem of Chandra, and asked him about the "Charsi Gang" whom I initially suspected to have lifted my bag over. He was obviously not interested at all. I then went over to Love Shack and asked those guys, they appeared more friendly and concerned than the Chandra guy. The Patrem asked me to lodge a police complaint.

Effing, even my slippers were gone, with the bag.

At hindsight, it was not such a big tragedy. I mean, yes in terms of value, I could not buy a new phone and all of the rest documents can be reproduced, if I go to Pune, except the DL, which was as it is expiring next year.

Since then, whenever I see someone carrying their bag, it reminds me of my own stupidity. But now I have realised, that event happened to bring back to my senses, and not tread on the path on which I was gone. It was to bring me back, before I would ahve went too far.

After running a while around DC, with tears and a huge sense of desperation in my eyes, I wandered like fool. The place which was a paradise few moments ago, became a hell. The persons and their actions, all looked so different now.

In all your tragedies, you are alone. And you can test yourself only, when you are alone. In that moment I realised the true sense of "Mushkil Waqt, Commando Sakht".

I then left for Red Cabinn and briefly told Sanjay of Red Cabinn, what happened and requested him to accompany me to the Police Station. As I was barefoot, he offered me his new "Hawai Chappals".

The police guy went all over me first, thinking me of a routine tourist who gets all drunk and then comes back to complaint. I kept quiet and accepted my mistake. He then asked me to write a complaint on a blank piece of paper, which I did. All around, the life was so usual for the revellers at Organic Vibes and at Arcan Bar where "Anthony Mcquain" or whatever his name is was singing with his troop in the melodious voice. 

Here, my life was torn upside down, for the first time in last 22 months.

The Police guy told me that it would take a couple of days for the tracking of mobile phone to start and may be I can get it. I knew, it was all a formality and completed the exercise, just like that.

<i am having old monk, as i am typing/ writing this>

We came back, and then Sanjay asked me to accompany him to the market to get the recharge of his phone done. The place which I love going to, looked so strange and unworthy. For a moment, I was like hating that place.

We came back and Sanjay asked me to have drinks with him, he said that would ease the pain, but I knew, all I needed to get over this was solitude. That has been my best friend ever since childhood and that's how I have coped with all my tragedies in life, so far.

Company does not solve your pain, it's the solitude instead.

I said, I would come back in one and half hour or so, it was 2100 odd about, then.

I came up, flicked on the night lamp, started the fan and tried to drop my woes under the blanket. In a hour or so, Changu came to ask me out for the dinner down, but I told him, I am not hungry.

He then told me, we can go to "Banyan Tree" next early morning to find out the guys, whether they have the bag or not. I had told him, my doubt was on those "Charsi Guys".

All I wanted was to not get out of bed, till it was sorted in my head.

I did not even call Josh at night.


