Last two days have been raining like almost non-stop. Monday ie 24th June seemed to be a short recess allowed specifically for allowing people to celebrate 'San Joao' without any interruptions.
Have done nothing but watched the TV series - Mr.Robot the reference of which I found through the tweet of (@stopmininow), but the entire Tuesday was spent lying and curling as I decided to rest the body and also fast.
After many months, finally I fasted for an entire day (water fast) on Tuesday, 25th June. It felt nice and I carried over it to yesterday as well, for almost like 16 hours and then broke with a tea.
It's been lovely weather, the kind of weather which you expect in Monsoon and I am kind of enjoying it, hibernating mostly. 
The two goals of this hibernation is to get out of Twitter and Alcohol and though I have visited Twitter in last two days (i deactivated it at 1430 on 24th June), I have been able to resist my loneliness and not go on online again.
And yes, I do not know in how many weeks, for the first time I have recorded two NOAL (No Alcohol) days in succession. Today is the 3rd day and very well, I am on track to make hat-trick.
There is a third goal also, which is not to withdraw any more money before 1st July, which would mean I would finish the month with a spend of only Rs.2000 (withdrawal of Rs.2000). I had a few hundred carry over from last month too.
Even last month, the spend was miraculously restricted due to stay at the two hospitals with Premanand.

Last evening I went down to shore and essentially it was only myself and dogs (KK, Taimuir, Blackie and the Twins and a new addition whom I called Biscuit), and the sea was resplendent, it was white above and white below, from miles to miles.

The churning of the sea has stopped, and this is the signal that 'Monsoon' has finally begun.

I came back and made Masala-Jeera rice and I have rice left for one more day ie today. I would then complete the 3 day fast from 28th till 1st July, because I would have exhausted everything. And I am ok with it.

Miraculously, Mahesh from the space company replied back to the email and we have some conversation regarding the pay-off and all, and today morning he has confirmed that position is not closed yet. Though it is a very far chance, that they would employ me remote.

Project Minnie has been started today early morning - to build the LEO Satellite GS.

I have yet again that weird nightmare, where someone is choking me and i am not even able to utter any word, though i am being able to breath, that feeling of someone taking me away was there or not, i am not being able to vividly recall, but it might have been there.
And lo and behold, when i woke up, i found that the power chord from the laptop was out, it is so strongly tucked-in that it is impossible to move it out, without being exerted considerable amount of force in the right direction.

Was it the ghost?
