So last night, as stated in previous post, I went down again to Sanjay's place, he had brought Bagpiper. I never had BP earlier, but since there was no option, I conceded to that.
We usually talked about the kids future and what he wanted them to do, and at the end, we settled like the best thing for them was to do some self-business. He had brought some little 'Chakna' and then he got one fried egg also.

Luckily for him, the 'Alexander' arrived, as it was drizzling, the burly Russian went onwards to wipe his motorcycle. We were having dinner at that time, and the sliding gate was closed too. I found it amusing, why would he come down in the drizzle to wipe down the motorcycle? Obviously, he came down for the food, and found that door was closed and we were having dinner, so probably he waited for us to strike first.
I asked Sanjay, to ask him ,whether he wanted some food, and lo and behold, i was right. At the end, he gave orders worth Rs.660 and then left Rs.40 as 'Tip'.
So did I make Rs.700 for him, most probably. Since Alexander is not his regular customer during season and he is always parked at Himalayan, so I doubt Sanjay would have pro-actively asked him. Also, if I would not have been there, he would ahve been drinking inside, watching tV.
He says that sometimes, even now he reaches an average of Rs.6,500 per day sales and 'Patrem' has allowed him to remain open, as long as he wanted. That's a good news.

He asked me to wait, and I cam on top, looked at the tweets and went back in, though I was not in the mood for any more BP, but I sensed that he wanted to talk, so that's why ! Well, I waited but, Alexander's order was delivered, but then he added one more Pizza to it and then I asked Sanjay to excuse me. I just wanted to lie down, specially after having the awesome dinner of Rice and Prawn Curry. My tummy was full, but it was like I could have eaten some more, but thankfully; I resisted.

As I was sitting in the deck eating my breakfast, elderly Budke came and asked me if I was ok to go with him to a place near Pernem in the evening, I said Ok. Instead of 1600, I said 1700 would be Ok. I knew that I would drink in the afternoona nd then would sleep for a while, 1600 seemed a lot early.

Respected Sir, I want to help MNS in the forthcoming state legislature elections, with data analysis and research.

Would request your goodself to provide me with your email address, so that I could get in touch ! Sincere Thanks and Regards
