I had heard or rather read about the "Paradise beach", both prior to coming here at Arambol and after, but so far in last 14 months and 6 days, did not visit that place. Primarily, because the lack of company, or to put things into perspective, "a self-imposed lack of company". So yesterday, when I was presented with this opportunity, thanks to the graciousness of my landord, to visit Shiroda beach, I leapt onto it, not because I knew beforehand that, this is the same "Paradise beach" which I had read about, but because I had not visited even Shiroda beach once.

Shiroda is just about 10 Kms odd from Arambol, and lies in state of Maharashtra. I had taken that turn so many times in the recent past, since I started visiting Terekhol for both fishing with my close friend, as well as just to "chill out" on a Sunday; but never took it towards Shiroda.

Once I decided to explore Redi beach while coming back from Terekhol and probably it was because, it is the first intersection while coming back from Terekhol to Arambol.

I drove on a 150cc scooter and to give me company was another gentleman and a dog, which sat pretty on the tiny floor of the scooter, while it cruised nicely towards Shiroda.

As we enter Shiroda,the roads are tiny in the sense that at a time only one vehicle could pass without causing any deal of uncomfort to other oncoming vehicle from the opposite side. Yesterday was Sunday and for a while it seemed that everyone was going towards Shiroda, there were a couple of buses full of tourists and they caused quite a jam.

Even the entrance to the beach is quite hap-hazard in the sense that, there is a local governing body toll on incoming vehicles and on a rush day like Sunday, it could cause a built-up of vehicles on the narrow road and induce another jam.

Parking is not a problem, because there is a lot of space, if you arrive early, say by around 1130 to 1200 hrs or so on a Sunday. As I reached the beach, I remembered seeing this beach far away from Redi beach and wondering, which beach this must be? At that moment, a few weeks back, I thought this was Vengurla beach.

The beach could certainly be termed as a "Paradise", if it is not a Sunday and waters are blue and calm; both of which were not true yesterday. The beach is kind of nestled in between surrounded by one big hill on the right side and a long ridge line extending outwards to many kilometres on the left. It is a straight line beach mostly, but at the left end I could see the curvature, and wondered how far one could go over there, walking. This sounds like a to-do mission for the future.

When we arrived, it was pleasantly cloudy, with not too much humidity, though we were right on the shore with a breeze blowing for comfort. Later on the sun came out and it was slightly uncomfortable not being either in the shade or water.

Waters were really choppy and wild, though it had rained a bit previous night, but I believe the water would have been like this even prior to that, the same way as I observed at Mandrem and Arambol, a couple of days back.

I limited myself to going only till knee-deep in the water, primarily because I was suffering from common cold, due to the "Uraak" session on 25th May and I had no spare change of clothes.

Unlike Goa, Maharashtra does not have life-guards at beaches, even which are prominent tourist attraction like Shiroda/Paradise beach and one is literally on her own and that's why people were mostly at shore. The pull of the current was pretty wild, even at the shore and hence it was understandable.

For quite a long time, even after coming over there, it did not hit me that this is "Paradise beach" until I saw the camels and horses available for ride; and then immediately I realised the conversation which I had with a foreigner couple almost a month back at Terekhol ferry point. These guys stumbled on to ferry point while looking for Paradise beach and then I helped them finding the right place, with the help of my phone. These guys then came back again, probably to experience the ferry-ride and then told me about the beach with horses and camels.

Later on when we were returning, I asked one gentleman from our party that is this the same famed "Paradise beach" and he affirmed, saying that some foreigners probably gave it a name.

The best part is that, if you look on Google maps, it is prominently displayed as Paradise beach and not Shiroda beach.

I had a great time yesterday at Shiroda beach, specially with all the home cooked food, playing cricket and watching the waves.

One day, I a going to arrive very early in the morning with breakfast,lunch and a lot of water and would explore it's left end.

There were not any workable boats visible on the tourist end of the beach, though Shiroda is famous as a big fish market, probably they were somewhere ont he left-end mouth of harbour.

I was really tempted to have "Vada-Paav" the Marathi style on seeing those stalls at beach head, since I did not have one,since coming over here, but missed that opportunity. That calls for another "to-do" mission to Shiroda.
